Auntie, why are you here?
Stop by and take a look.
By the way, has the contract of Sun's Group been signed?
Sign up to hire grandpa happy
Ready for us to take over this project
So that's a double happiness.
Double happiness
Xiao Chen
You are going to do something in two days.
Sure. What's up?
Divorced our marriage in late autumn
What nonsense are you talking about?
Late Autumn
Do you really want to hang yourself from a tree?
He is a beggar with no money and no power
But he is Xiaocao's father
It is my husband who has worshiped heaven and earth and married
Dad can change
Husband can also change
There will be a blind date tomorrow
You go see me
You must listen to me on this matter
Call aunt
Grass, um, do you like this girl?
What do you mean?
Although my grandmother looks fierce
But I will give Xiaocao a gift.
Well, I will also make delicious food for the grass
So the grass doesn't hate him
Dad, um, will you leave us again?
It won't happen.
Dad will never leave me again